my pants I want a penis inserted into me
repeatedly put your cock in my stock
means I made that song up on the fly FYI
and I think it's pretty goddamn creative
so if any of y'all are record or you
know on the label and company whatever
then I just won't let you know that i
can write lyrics like on the fly yeah
it's straight found it without anybody's
help that was on me guys saw me Oh me hi
it's vince with slap chop what I'm gonna
out of a slap chop hi it's Vince with
slap chop what a little slap chop is
basically it's basically how that song
goes high expense with slap chop you
don't love my nuts that's had the whole
song hi it's been so slap chop you're
gonna love my nuts hi it's Vince bus
Slap Chop slap slap slap slap slap slap
chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop
hi hi it's been so slap chop all right
anyways then you go back kalabaw fuck
you for not jumping off hi it's vince
with slap chop
I'm not gonna have Brad play dumb shit
he's in texts i'm in florida how the
fuck I'm gonna be like yo Brad check out
this website and didn't come cuddle with
me while we play it together or
something I don't like you and I already
have that bug look I have 42 pose I have
every bug except one that I'm about to
find and I have every heart that I could
possibly collect up to this point you
don't have to tell me to get anything I
know what I'm doing I'm pretty good just
FYI pretty goddamn good i'll skip for 1
to 10 I'm better than you let's put it
that way alright let's just put it that
way
did anybody like that quote I just said
because I thought it was pretty goddamn
queer to be funny on a scale from 1 to
10 I'm better than you that's fucking
gold come on come on that was a good
joke someone laugh
haha when it was still alive
all of that fucker over there I got your